README.md, before:

robot_dart [![Build Status](https://github.com/resibots/robot_dart/actions/workflows/ci_linux.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/resibots/robot_dart/actions/workflows/ci_linux.yml)
=====================================================================================================================================================================================================

### CAUTION: The library is under-going a serious re-structure and development. Expect breaking of API/ABI, and out-of-date guides. We will soon provide a new release with many new features and a proper documentation.

#### This repo contains a generic wrapper around the [DART] simulator.

## Authors

- Author/Maintainer: Konstantinos Chatzilygeroudis
- Active contributors: Jean-Baptiste Mouret
- Other contributors: Antoine Cully, Vassilis Vassiliades, Vaios Papaspyros

### Using the code

Please look at the [installation guide](docs/installation.md). You will find detailed guidelines on how to properly install all the dependencies, compile the code and run the examples. There is also a short [tutorial](docs/tutorial.md) where the basics of this small library are explained through coding a small example. Moreover, a small [guide](docs/guide.md) provides a brief overview of the main classes and functionality of the library. Finally, there exist python bindings of the library, located [here](src/python) (see the examples for usage).

## LICENSE

[CeCILL]

[CeCILL]: http://www.cecill.info/index.en.html
[DART]: http://dartsim.github.io/

Commit message:

Start writing README + license [ci skip]

README.md, after:

RobotDART [![Build Status](https://github.com/resibots/robot_dart/actions/workflows/ci_linux.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/resibots/robot_dart/actions/workflows/ci_linux.yml)
=====================================================================================================================================================================================================

RobotDART is a C++ robot simulator (with optional Python bindings) built on top of the [DART] physics engine. The RobotDART simulator is intended to be used by Robotics and Machine Learning researchers who want to write controllers or test learning algorithms without the delays and overhead that usually comes with other simulators (e.g., Gazebo, Coppelia-sim).

## Documentation

Documentation is available at: [https://resibots.eu/robot_dart/](https://resibots.eu/robot_dart/)

## Authors

- Author/Maintainer: Konstantinos Chatzilygeroudis (University of Patras)
- Active contributors: Dionis Totsila (Inria and University of Patras), Jean-Baptiste Mouret (Inria)
- Other contributors: Antoine Cully, Vassilis Vassiliades, Vaios Papaspyros

## Acknowledgments

This work was partly supported by the [Hellenic Foundation for Research and Innovation](https://www.elidek.gr/en/homepage/) (H.F.R.I.) under the "3rd Call for H.F.R.I. Research Projects to support Post-Doctoral Researchers" (Project Acronym: [NOSALRO](), Project Number: 7541).

<p align="center">
<img src="https://www.elidek.gr/wp-content/themes/elidek/images/elidek_logo_en.png" alt="logo_elidek"/>
<p/>

This work was partly supported by the ResiBots ERC Project (http://www.resibots.eu).

<p aling="center">
<img src="http://resibots.eu/_static/resibots_logo_black_200px.png" alt="logo_resibots"/>
</p>


## License

[BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License](https://opensource.org/license/bsd-2-clause/)

[DART]: http://dartsim.github.io/
